(gentle upbeat music)
- I am Captain Missile-Toe.
Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
(jazzy holiday music)
- Church was nice.
- Yes.
- You look beautiful.
- Thank you.
You look nice yourself.
- Thank you. (chuckles)
- I have a favor to ask you.
- Oh no.
- I have just a few more presents to wrap.
Would you mind reading them a story?
- Okay. that's the least I can do
since you won't let me wrap presents.
- (laughing) No.
(Dad laughing)
♪ Tomorrow brings ♪
♪ Goodnight. sleep tight ♪
♪ Tomorrow's light ♪
- "'Twas the night before Christmas
and all through the house
not a creature was stirring
except for Christmas zombies.
(jazzy music)
(Dad laughing)
The stockings were hung
by the chimney with care
in hopes that St. Nicholas
would soon be there.
♪ I just can't wait ♪
But little did the children know
as St. Nicholas would prepare.
a disgruntled elf named Stuffy
would ready an army to scare."
- Dad. I don't think you're
reading the story right.
- Yeah. that's now how it goes.
- No. that's because you haven't
heard the real story yet.
I know what really happened.
You see Santa and Mrs. Claus
have a yearly tradition.
They give awards to the
elves for their hard work.
This year as the elves lined up
Jolly won Elf of the Year
and Stuffy was very upset.
(magical tinkling music)
You see. Stuffy
(somber vocalized music)
was kind of an outcast at the North Pole.
known for always overstuffing the dolls.
He was pretty upset for having
to work that doll station
for 10 years.
Year after year after year
he was left stuffing dolls.
never receiving any
recognition for his hard work.
The only thing he ever received
was the nickname Stuffy.
Before the season began.
he requested a transfer
to elf security and was denied.
His last hope was winning
that Elf of the Year Award.
- Oh. I'm just so excited
for the talent show.
(jazzy holiday music)
I think I'm just gonna do
(people chattering)
a bunch of awesome dance moves.
- That's cool.
- What about you. Holly?
- I think I'll sing one
of my favorite songs.
I'm so nervous.
- I know how you feel.
♪ And don't step on my green elf shoes ♪
♪ Uh huh don't step on
my green elf shoes ♪
♪ You're gonna make Santa get the blues ♪
♪ If you step on my green elf shoes ♪
♪ World will hear ♪
♪ That Christmas is a time for everyone ♪
♪ Oh oh oh ♪
♪ Whoa oh oh oh ♪
- Mm.
- Santa says these dolls
(lively holiday music)
were overstuffed and that they
never should have been wrapped.
- Let me see.
Hold these cookies.
All right. give it back to me.
Get outta here.
You're not gonna spy on me.
Don't tell Santa I have these cookies.
♪ White white snow ♪
(Stuffy grunts)
- Hi. Stuffy.
- Hi there. I'm happy.
I found a stash of cookies.
- Well. good for you.
But Santa said that these presents
were too stuffed and that
you need to re-stuff them.
- Take it back to him.
Tell him he can't have my cookies.
That's why he's doing this.
Get outta here. Happy.
♪ Like Christmas ♪
♪ No season ♪
- Stuffy. Santa said the presents
that you gave me weren't
wrapped good enough
and that you need to re-wrap them.
♪ Each year ♪
- Out!
Outta here!
Move on!
♪ To miss it ♪
No one interrupts me when I eat cookies.
I've waited 10 years to get cookies.
(people chattering)
- Hello everyone.
Thank you for coming to
the North Pole Talent Show.
I'm gonna start us off this evening.
♪ We three kings of Orient are ♪
- That's pretty good.
She ain't gonna beat me.
♪ Bearing gifts we traverse afar ♪
♪ Field and fountain ♪
♪ Moor and mountain ♪
♪ Following yonder star ♪
♪ Oh oh ♪
♪ Star of wonder ♪
♪ Star of light ♪
♪ Star with royal beauty bright ♪
♪ Westward leading. still proceeding ♪
♪ Guide us to ♪
♪ Thy perfect light ♪
(lively electronic dance music)
Oh. oh. that's sickening.
(people chattering)
Oh. that hurts.
Oh. that hurts my heart.
Stop it.
("Jingle Bells")
No one with the last name Claus
will ever beat me.
♪ What child is this ♪
♪ Who lays to rest ♪
Bad. bad.
♪ On Mary's lap is sleeping ♪
Bad.
♪ Whom angels greet ♪
♪ With anthems sweet ♪
Bad.
♪ While shepherds watch are keeping ♪
(audience applauding)
Yeah.
♪ Jingle bells. jingle bells ♪
♪ Jingle all the way ♪
♪ Oh what fun it is to ride ♪
♪ In a one-horse open sleigh. hey ♪
♪ Jingle bells. jingle bells ♪
♪ Jingle all the way ♪
♪ Oh what fun it is to ride ♪
♪ In a one-horse open sleigh ♪
(audience applauding)
(bells jingling)
Aah. aah. aah!
Aah!
♪ O night ♪
♪ Divine ♪
(glass shattering)
(Stuffy groaning)
- This one's for you. Santa.
All right. hit my music.
(rumbling drumming music)
♪ Dear Santa ♪
♪ I call him Big Red ♪
♪ I call it how I see it ♪
♪ 'Cause he's overfed ♪
♪ Too many cookies ♪
♪ Will he explode ♪
♪ I saw him eat a whole box ♪
♪ Still with a nasty nose ♪
♪ He overeats in his sleep ♪
♪ Till his wrist gets weak ♪
♪ Before 20 winks ♪
♪ 'Cause his sleigh always stinks ♪
♪ He has mustard in his beard ♪
♪ And grease in his hair ♪
♪ If it's time to eat ♪
♪ You can count him there ♪
(record screeching)
(audience booing)
What? Hey.
Who turned my music off.
Hey. what?
- [Audience] Boo boo!
- Big Red. where's my...
I'm the winner.
- Get off the stage. Stuffy.
- I'm the winner.
- This year we have taken notice
of all of your hard work.
but there's one elf in particular
that worked extra hard.
(drum rolling)
Jolly!
- Yeah!
(audience applauding)
- Come and get your award.
(audience cheering)
- Awarded to who?
(audience applauding and cheering)
(audience members whistling)
- I vow to never
(tense music)
stuff a doll again.
Give here.
(Jolly screams)
(Stuffy growling)
(suspenseful music)
And I'll show you what
I'm gonna do with this.
(grunts) I know karate.
What are you looking at?
- Ho. ho. ho. ho. ho.
How are you. Jolly?
- Stuffy stole my award present.
- We need to talk to Stuffy.
Thank you. Santa.
- Missile-Toe. did you
get my transfer paperwork?
- Yeah. I received your transfer papers.
- Uh. okay.
- But Santa told me. it's not approved.
- Big Red!
He did what?
I'm sorry. Stuffy.
- (groans) We'll see about that.
- [Holly] Hi. Stuffy.
Why aren't you stuffing?
- I'm on strike.
- [Holly] Why?
- Because I didn't win the competition.
- [Holly] Well. just
because you didn't win.
doesn't mean you
(slow jazzy music)
have to work with bad heart.
- I've worked hard here for 10 years
and I've gotten no credit.
(tense music)
- [Holly] Maybe that's
because you weren't working
with a good heart.
- You take this and you stuff it.
I'm outta here.
I need a break.
Look. Santa. you decided to raise my pay.
Thank you very much.
- No. Stuffy.
We need to address your behavior issues.
- What now. Santa?
- Jolly told me that you
tried to eat her award gift
and then you kicked it across the stage!
- I didn't do that. Santa.
- Stuffy. there is no need to lie.
- Okay. I was a little upset
I didn't win the award.
- This is your last chance
to get off my naughty list.
- What? Why you didn't like
that song I made for you. Santa?
- No. Stuffy. It was very rude.
- Uh! The nerve of you. Big Red.
(somber music)
I'm outta here.
(bells clinking)
- I can't believe Stuffy did that
to your present.
(people chattering)
- Yeah. but we should
be used to it by now.
- Yeah.
Stuffy's been in a really bad mood lately.
- Of course. Isn't he always?
- Yeah. but I wish he
would learn to be kind.
- I wish that too. And
I wish it were soon.
But most likely he'll
never learn to be kind.
Santa says that he was very
naughty when he was a boy.
- Yeah. but love conquers all.
Maybe we should just
go show him some love.
- You're right.
Come on.
(slow jazzy music)
- [Jolly] Hey. Stuffy.
how's your day going?
- How's my day going?
Horrible.
- [Jolly] Wow. you have
a lot of dolls to stuff.
You're really falling behind.
(tense music)
- Stuff?
When you won Elf of the Year.
I vowed to never stuff
another doll again!
You stuff it.
I have an appointment in the bathroom.
(gentle tinkling music)
(wind whistling)
(somber music)
- What's wrong. Stuffy?
- None of your business.
- Come on. you can tell me.
- Why are you always so happy?
- Because it's Christmastime
and Christmas is the time
to be happy. be joyful.
- What am I supposed to do to be happy?
- Maybe you could try smiling.
Bye. Stuffy.
(wind whistling)
(bells clinking)
- Try. try smiling?
(Stuffy grunting)
- I feel kinda bad that Stuffy
(people chattering)
never gets to have a good Christmas.
- Yeah. sometimes I feel like that too.
Maybe we should do something for him.
- Like what?
- We could get him a present.
- Great idea. Happy.
And we can clean up his desk.
And stuff his dolls for him.
- Come on. let's get started.
♪ As we gather and smile ♪
♪ Let's think of someone else ♪
♪ Everybody needs some
love and understanding ♪
♪ While we celebrate ♪
- Hey. guys.
(speaking drowned out by music)
- Great.
♪ And toast a brave new year ♪
- Won't he be surprised.
- Yeah.
♪ In time to make ♪
♪ This day we have begun ♪
(speaking drowned out by music)
♪ And we'll be glad ♪
♪ For all the world to hear ♪
♪ That Christmas is a time for everyone ♪
- Love how they decorate
the Christmas tree.
It's so happy.
- Yeah. yeah. me too. me too.
You know what. I've been
giving it a lot of thought
and they should call it Santa Stuffy
because of all the cookies
he's stuffing down his throat.
- How dare you say that about Santa!
I'm gonna tell him!
- Yeah huh?
Yeah.
- Oh. Stuffy. you look so happy.
- Happy?
(tense music)
Let me at her. let me at her!
I'll show 'em happy.
- Well. Santa. Stuffy keeps saying
that you only stuff your face with cookies
and that you're an overstuffed tomato.
- Why is he saying those
things about me now?
I do love cookies.
- He also said that you
smell like a reindeer.
- This gossiping has to stop.
But I will have a talk with him.
- Okay and thank you. Santa. Bye.
(slow electronic music)
(Stuffy groaning)
- We're going to war. (groaning)
(groaning)
Mustard for everyone!
♪ On the first day of Christmas ♪
♪ My true love sent to me ♪
♪ Some mustard from Stuffy ♪
(horse whinnying)
- Captain Missile-Toe. Stuffy
has been running around.
wearing a security shirt.
squirting us with the water guns
saying. "Mustard for everyone".
- I'm so happy. I'm so happy.
(slow electronic music)
This will give you
something to be happy about.
(Stuffy groaning and laughing)
- I've been shot.
- Oh. no.
Stuffy's acting up again.
Okay. We'll keep an eye on him.
- Okay. bye.
- I've never gotten a gift before.
Well. (groans)
Oh. Wow.
(gentle guitar music)
They say. he's the reason for the season.
Jesus. not Big Red.
Well. then that's the greatest
gift anyone could have.
Wow.
♪ Finishing my shift at a dead end job ♪
♪ Playing Santa at a local store ♪
- Hello. everyone.
I brought cookies.
- Oh. yum.
- Thank you. Mrs. Claus.
- Thank you.
- You're welcome.
Thank you for working so hard.
- [Jolly] And thank you.
They look delicious.
- Hey. Big Bopper.
You wanted to see me?
- Ho. ho. ho. hello. Stuffy.
I heard what you said about me.
- Well. what about it. Santa?
- You said that all I do is
stuff cookies down my throat
and that I look like a plump tomato.
And that I smell like a reindeer.
- You heard I said what?
I wouldn't say anything like that.
I love cookies.
- I didn't bring it to your attention
when you put laxative in security's milk.
No. I didn't say anything to you.
- Okay. okay. maybe I did say
you look like a plump tomato.
- Stuffy. instead of
making toys for children
with a good heart.
you have done nothing but complain.
- You didn't get me on security.
You didn't give me the award this year.
I'm underpaid. I don't
even get minimum wage.
I mean. what do you wanna do?
- I have been patient
with you for years. Stuffy.
- Well what. what about it. Santa?
- You know. Stuffy.
I took you in when you
were just a little boy
and no one wanted you
because you were so naughty.
- Yeah. we know.
We know I'm not a real elf.
Look at this! This is what you give me.
Look at my hair and my beard.
The elves know I'm not real.
And that's why I'm in a bad mood
because I don't even know who I am.
But it's okay. Big Red.
We all know who you are.
We can't miss you.
- Pride commeth before the fall. Stuffy.
I'm sorry.
I'm gonna have to let you go.
- Dad. you can't fire me!
(slow somber music)
I'm an elf!
- Not any longer. Stuffy.
- [Stuffy] Dad!
- Christmas is not for you.
(tense dark music)
- If Christmas isn't for me.
Christmas won't be for anyone!
- Ho. ho. ho. ho. ho!
Have a Merry Christmas. Stuffy.
(Stuffy growling)
- Stuffy. calm down.
I got fired.
- Sorry.
- That's what happened.
(tense music)
Missile-Toe.
I'm outta here.
You stay out of it.
- What a pity.
(somber music)
but we can't have division here.
- Oh. Santa.
We never had to fire an elf before.
- Christmas is about
celebrating the birth of Christ
and we can't bring joy to
the world with unhappy elves.
- Don't you think you were
a little harsh with him.
- Maybe I can work something out.
- Where will he go?
(tense music)
- The old laxative trick.
(can rattling)
Security will never see it coming.
(suspenseful music)
(lock clicking)
(can rattling)
Laxative time.
Hey teddy bear.
(suspenseful music)
don't tell nobody.
(can rattling)
(door clicking and clattering)
♪ There's no time like Christmas ♪
♪ No season like this is ♪
♪ No time like Christmas each year ♪
♪ There's no time like Christmas ♪
♪ No reason to miss it ♪
(Mr. Missile-Toe farting)
♪ No time like Christmas each year ♪
(sleigh whooshing)
♪ At Christmastime ♪
♪ When carols are sung ♪
(air whooshing)
(tense music)
- Happy. Stuffy's gone!
- I know. he got fired.
- No. you don't understand.
(suspenseful music)
(Happy gasping)
- Stuffy took the reindeer!
He stole the reindeer!
What are we gonna do?
- Get me Captain Missile-Toe at once!
- Reporting for duty. Santa.
- How did you let Stuffy
steal the reindeer?
Where were your men?
- Sorry. Santa.
Stuffy switched our milk again.
- You clean yourselves up
and change your pants if you have to.
but you locate him as soon as possible.
- I'll gather my team and
we'll try to locate him.
- And if you don't find
the sleigh and reindeer.
Christmas will be ruined.
- We'll do our very best. sir.
- Hold on. hold on.
You're telling me that
Santa has a security team?
That's not in any of the story books.
- [Father] He doesn't go advertising
that sort of thing around.
He's a military man at heart.
Santa didn't make it under the
radar this long for nothing.
You can bet your candy canes
he has a security team.
(suspenseful music)
There's reconnaissance involved.
They need to find out what
kids want for presents.
There's no magic fairy dust here.
Where was I?
Oh yes.
So the team came back empty handed.
Stuffy had escaped their grasp.
Where would Stuffy go?
What was he gonna do?
(insects chirping)
Stuffy had a plan.
(wolf howling)
(bird squeaks)
(bell rings)
(bells clinking)
(sleigh whooshing)
(somber music)
- What are we gonna do
about Christmas?
- We've been working
so hard all year long.
- And now the children
aren't even gonna get their presents.
- This is making me so sad.
It's making you sad too. Happy.
and you're always happy.
(people chattering)
- Double espresso.
There.
- What?
- You look like the walking dead.
- Uh!
- Oh.
Wait.
(thunder cracking)
That's it.
The dead.
Zombies.
Oh. that's it.
That's how I'll get 'em back.
Zombies.
(tense electronic music)
I'm lost. I'm lost.
Huh.
You're gonna have Stuffy's
personality. my friend.
Power on.
(motor whirring)
Yeah.
Okay.
(loud whooshing)
There you go. I know it hurts.
I know it hurts. but
you need to be stuffed
to full capacity. (grunts)
(eerie electronic music)
(robot mumbling)
Don't be smart with me.
(static hissing)
Okay.
All right.
Quite a grip you have here.
All right. let it go. Let it go.
(electricity buzzing)
He's alive! He's alive!
(Stuffy shouting)
They'll know that Santa's coming.
(Stuffy screaming)
(electricity buzzing)
(tense music)
- I have a report. sir.
We found out he's creating
an army of zombies.
We also heard loud music
and someone rapping.
He changed locations and
we are unable to find him.
- Oh no. What am I gonna tell Santa?
I have an old friend.
I can call in a favor from him.
- Hey. IQ. you wanna go
(typewriter clacking)
to the shooting range?
(ominous music)
Put the book down for five minutes. man.
- Shh. I'm at the climax.
- Okay. well I'll call Snowflake.
(tense music)
It'll give me a reason to
spend some time with her.
I'll show her who the
best shot around here is.
Certainly not you. You never train. man.
(gun firing)
I take it back.
- I don't need training.
(lively music)
- You get 'em. boy.
You get 'em. go get 'em.
I want Captain Missile-Toe and Santa!
You get your men on this.
♪ It's like Halloween in fall ♪
Go.
♪ Every night they come to call ♪
♪ You're welcome one and all ♪
♪ As the ♪
(phone ringing)
- Gunner. is this you?
- Who's this?
- Remember Christmas of 2004
when you held Santa at gunpoint
for dropping through your chimney?
- Ho. ho. ho. ho!
- Get on the ground!
- Ho. ho. ho. ho.
- No more. Santa!
- I'm the security captain
who came to talk you down.
- Captain Missile-Toe.
Yes. I remember you.
- We have a situation.
I think you might be
able to help us with it.
- What's the situation?
- A disgruntled employee
named Stuffy was fired-
- What?
and he stole
the reindeer and sleigh.
- Why do you need help with
one disgruntled employee?
- He could be planning to
come back to get revenge.
- Now you're talking my language.
- Yeah. we found this old location
and we were able to bug his building.
- Okay.
- Then he switched locations
and we lost track of him.
- We'll get right on it.
- I knew I could count on you. brother.
Thank you.
- Sergeant Gunner
(lively music)
would have to get
his zombie outbreak
response team together.
starting with his most decorated soldier.
the beautiful. the amazing.
the lone wolf. the cheese on your taco.
a mother of three daughters.
the hair that never gets messed up.
and the makeup that never smears.
- Dad. are you just describing Mom?
- Her name's not Mom.
Her name is Snowflake. Corporal Snowflake.
But yeah. she does have
a striking resemblance
to your mother.
(tense music)
- The battle of robot
bits continues. my friend.
I surely wouldn't choose
the cup in front of you
because you're from New Jersey.
New Jersey is the home of
the first movie theater.
They didn't have any drinks
when they first opened.
But I surely wouldn't choose
the cup in front of me either.
- Why not?
- Because I'm from New York
and it's home of the
New York Cheese Steak.
And a cheese steak's so good
you don't take any drinks
with a cheese steak
'cause then you won't taste it.
Look.
- Oh. Happy.
(somber music)
What's wrong?
- I'm just a little worry.
How are the children
gonna get their presents
if Santa doesn't have
a sleigh and reindeer?
- Oh. there's no need to worry.
Santa will take care of everything.
- Good afternoon. sir.
(tense music)
Thank you for coming on such short notice.
My colleague gave me your file.
I thought we could start off
with maybe an introduction.
Tell me about your experience.
Start with your name.
- I Am Straight Business.
- That's good.
That is a good quality to have.
We are straight business here.
(suspenseful music)
But if you can
go ahead and start with your name.
- I Am Straight Business.
- That is excellent.
That is very excellent
and outstanding. sir.
that you are straight business.
I am straight business also.
Okay.
Maybe I'll just start with your file then.
It says here that you...
Your name is I'm Straight Business?
- No. I Am Straight Business.
- I apologize. sir.
Okay. Well. it doesn't matter.
Your name doesn't matter. okay?
I see that you do have
the experience I need
and I need another team member fast.
We have Christmas to
save and zombies to hunt.
Are you up for the task?
- Yes. sir.
- And a little word of wisdom. sir.
before we begin.
Snowflake is with me.
You keep your eyes to yourself
(suspenseful music)
or you'll be fired as
quick as you started.
- Yes. sir.
(tense music)
- Snowflake.
Having a good day?
Meet your new team member.
I Am Straight Business.
I'll let you two introduce yourself.
but I'm gonna be watching
over here keeping a close eye on you two.
- Guess what. Happy.
Santa found an old sleigh in the barn
and he found a bunch of new reindeer!
- (gasps) Christmas is saved after all.
♪ Deck the halls with boughs of holly ♪
♪ Fa la la la la la la la la ♪
- All right. team.
(tense music)
it's mandatory.
Your backup weapon's gonna be a shotgun.
I say this because the new rounds are in.
Zombie stoppers.
- You know. Happy.
(vocalized choral music)
Christmas is all about getting presents
and playing with them.
- Actually. I don't think that's it.
The real reason for the season
is the birth of our Lord
and Savior Jesus Christ.
- Then what's the point of giving gifts?
- Because Jesus was the ultimate gift
and the Kings gave him gifts.
So it's kinda like tradition.
- Oh. thanks. Happy.
- Aren't you a little overprotective?
(emotional music)
- I'm gonna be overprotective.
You see this ring.
I pledged myself to you two weeks ago.
Whether you like it or not. I'm all yours.
- I'm not ready.
- You're never gonna be ready.
No risk. no reward.
- Not until you can outshoot me.
- I'll outshoot you right now.
Let's go to the range.
- I need a protector.
- You already said I was overprotective.
That doesn't make any sense.
- (scoffs) Welcome to your
first lesson on women.
I'll meet you at the range.
(rifle firing)
(dynamic music)
- That's how it's done.
- That's pretty good.
(rifle firing)
- I think I got it.
- Hold on. Snowflake.
Wait right there.
No. you don't have it.
Let me show you how a real man does it.
(rifle clicking)
(tense music)
(rifle firing)
That's how a real man does it.
- You didn't even get close.
- Kinda close. I got on the target.
- (scoffs) Not close enough.
(rifle clicking)
(rifle firing)
- How are you doing that?
I need another round. Give me a round.
(dynamic music)
If I beat your shot. I'm
taking you to dinner.
(rifle firing)
Time for dinner.
- Not yet. cowboy.
- What do you mean?
(rifle clicking)
(rifle firing)
(explosion booming)
- (indistinct) we take on the North Pole!
(tense music)
I have stuffed you for such a time as this
and together. my friends.
(electronics beeping)
Christmas will be no more!
We have three mission objectives.
(tense music)
Three.
Number one. eat all the Christmas gifts.
Number two. anyone moving.
you will tie them up
with Christmas lights.
We will hurt no one.
but we will tie them up
in time to ruin Christmas.
Number three.
(electronics beeping)
and the main target. something
that you cannot miss.
something big. overstuffed and red
like a plump tomato.
someone of legend...
Big Red.
The old diaper himself...
Santa Claus.
(explosion booming)
(crickets chirping)
Is anyone listening?
I'm not getting any feedback here.
(electronics beeps)
I'll tell you
what it's about?
(electronic music)
♪ Ho ho ho ho ♪
♪ Ho ho ho ho ho ♪
Now. listen up.
♪ Attack Santa ♪
♪ Let's close the North Pole ♪
♪ Check his hat ♪
♪ His danger's not so ♪
♪ I want all the cookies.
all of the gifts ♪
♪ Not to get rich but to take St. Nick ♪
♪ I'll toilet paper his
stocking all night ♪
♪ Ask him why his pants are so tight ♪
♪ Nothing can stop my zombie boys ♪
♪ No more Christmas. no more joy ♪
♪ No more elves. no more lights ♪
♪ Merry Christmas to all
and to all a good night ♪
(rhythmic electronic music)
Charge!
- Okay. team. I'm here
(suspenseful music)
to brief you on our mission.
Apparently a disgruntled employee
has stolen the sleigh and the
reindeer from the North Pole.
It's up to us to save Christmas.
We have to locate him.
I have a map in my office
that shows where his hideout is.
They have wiretapped
(dynamic music)
his hideout and they found out
he's making an army of zombies.
And that's where we come in.
to do what we're good at
and that's eliminating zombies.
Meet me in my office in five minutes.
IQ. put the book down.
Are you paying attention?
- Yes.
Loud and clear. Sarge.
- Really?
All right. let's hear the mission.
- We have to go on a mission
to find Santa's stolen reindeers
and sleigh.
(tense music)
(slow drumming music)
(walkie talkie beeps)
- Snowflake.
Snowflake.
- Where is he. where's the elf?
- [Sgt. Gunner] Snowflake.
- [Snowflake] I'm a little busy.
- Go ahead and show me UTL.
There's no sign of 'em.
- [Snowflake] Roger that.
- I'm heading back now.
(suspenseful music)
(dynamic drumming music)
- "But this winter. the
zombies were not after brains.
They were after presents.
The elves were having to work overtime.
busy catching a new team of reindeer
and taking on all the work
that Stuffy had left them.
They were full of Christmas
cheer. cocoa. and song.
with everyone around them singing along.
Christmas Eve would come.
everything on schedule.
When what to their wandering
eyes should appear.
but 10.000 zombies
(dynamic music)
dragging near."
- Oh. I see Santa.
Santa!
Can you hear me. Big Bob?
- Hey!
♪ I see Santa. he can't hide ♪
♪ We're too ripped and we're too wide ♪
- Holly. Holly. zombies!
- What. what. what?
♪ Oh yeah. oh yeah ♪
Oh. (grunts)
- You're not taking
(dynamic music)
Castle Claus.
- Stay calm. everyone!
Everybody to the chapel!
- Oh!
- Let's go. let's go.
(suspenseful vocalized music)
- Security. prepare yourselves.
We cannot let these
zombies destroy Christmas.
♪ Ah ♪
Fear God. honor Santa.
(roar reverberating)
- As Moses parted the sea.
we will split
Castle Claus in half!
(thunder cracking)
(man chattering)
- Who will save us?
- Captain Missile-Toe.
- I am Captain Missile-Toe.
- Team Tiara. charge!
♪ Ah ah ah ♪
(Stuffy shouting)
- We must all remain calm.
(children crying)
- Fire at will. Don't be afraid.
(Stuffy growling)
(dynamic vocalized music)
(guns firing)
- Ah. where is he when you need him?
They just keep coming.
I'm running out of ammo.
- Stay calm. everyone!
- Don't worry.
(children chattering)
You won't have to tell
your mother goodbye.
(dynamic music)
- Barricade the front entrance.
- No one will ruin Christmas on my watch.
I will be back.
And y'all stay here.
- Santa!
(guns firing)
Where are you going?
- [Santa] Ho. ho. ho. ho. ho!
(Santa crunching)
(guns firing)
- Christmas will not be ruined.
Holly. Jolly. Happy. come and join us.
(guns firing)
- Happy. you're not smiling.
- Well. I'm not smiling
(children crying)
because I've never experienced
anything like this in my life!
(guns firing)
(suspenseful music)
- Everyone. wait here
(ethereal vocalized music)
in the chapel.
I've got to go make sure
Santa doesn't get hurt.
(guns firing)
(children crying)
- Do you think security
will be able to handle this?
They're gonna need our help.
Come on.
- Wait. stay and fight. Don't run.
(ethereal vocalized music continues)
- Are you okay. dear?
- (gasps) Santa!
What have you been eating?
You've been stress eating again.
You clean yourself up.
Wash your beard if you have to.
- Yippee ki yay. milk and cookies.
(gun firing)
(lively music)
♪ Who's that behind the tree ♪
♪ They're coming for you and me ♪
♪ They just shuffle. they don't ♪
- All right. team. are we ready?
♪ They're doing ♪
It's time to go to work.
♪ The zombie walk ♪
- IQ. put the book down.
Here they come.
♪ They're assembling ♪
♪ They can't run ♪
- "Captain Missile-Toe
would try to hold off
the army single-handedly
until he heard a noise behind his ear.
He turned his head."
- Move over!
(suspenseful music)
- Santa?
(rifle firing)
(Santa shouting)
(lively music)
- Do you have any more cookies?
♪ They can't run ♪
♪ Eating brains is their ♪
- What a doll.
(rifle firing)
♪ And a face like chalk ♪
♪ They're doing the zombie walk ♪
(rifle firing)
(gun firing)
♪ Brains for dinner. brains for dessert ♪
♪ Not your liver ♪
(rifle firing)
♪ But they love your head ♪
(children crying)
♪ All messed up ♪
(guns firing)
♪ They're dead ♪
(rifles firing)
(insects chirping)
- Jeopardy. I gotta know this.
♪ They can't run ♪
♪ Eating brains ♪
(rifles firing)
♪ Is their idea of fun ♪
(robot whirring)
♪ Lips with blood ♪
♪ And a face like chalk ♪
(rifles firing)
♪ They're doing the zombie walk ♪
(electricity buzzing)
(rifle firing)
(vocalized opera singing)
- How could she (drowned out by singing).
(Holly drowned out by singing)
(robot whirring)
(insects chirping)
(rifle firing)
(guns firing)
(wolf howling)
- Say hello to my little friends.
- I'm outta ammo.
(lively music)
(guns firing)
I'm outta ammo.
♪ They're just ambling ♪
Throw me another one.
♪ Eating brains is their idea of fun ♪
♪ Lips with blood and a face like chalk ♪
♪ They're doing the zombie walk ♪
♪ Chop chop ♪
- I can't believe I don't have this!
♪ Brains for dinner. brains for dessert ♪
(guns firing)
- IQ. what are you doing?
You almost shot me.
♪ They're all messed up ♪
♪ Dead ♪
- Ah!
(insects chirping)
- I've never been afraid
of anything in my life.
(wolf howling)
(suspenseful music)
I only fear the Lord.
- [Zombies] Hee hee ha ha!
(laughing) Hee hee ha!
(Sgt. Gunner screaming)
(Snowflake singing opera)
(rifle firing)
(Santa shouting)
(lively music)
- Hello?
This is IQ.
What?
"Jeopardy"?
I can't believe it.
This has been my life's dream.
I'll get started training right away.
I have to go. Sarge.
I have to go.
♪ They want what you've got inside ♪
♪ Here's comes ♪
(loud screeching)
♪ Walking down your block ♪
♪ Well. they're doing ♪
- I have to marry that woman.
♪ The zombie walk ♪
(gun firing)
(lively electronic dance music)
- I Am Straight Business.
(rifle firing)
- [Zombies] We're dead.
- Woo woo.
(guns firing)
- I need more ammo.
- We got a few minutes.
I got your ammo
for you right here.
(romantic music)
Will you marry me?
- We're in the middle of war.
Are you serious right now?
- I am serious. Will you marry me?
(guns firing)
(Sgt. Gunner grunts)
Stay away.
I've been waiting for this
day for two years. (grunts)
Will you marry me? (grunts)
- This is nice.
Let's see how it looks.
(punch thudding)
(Sgt. Gunner grunts)
I accept.
- Oh.
- Ew. Dad. No romance. no romance.
- I love romance.
- The zombie response team.
- Strike team?
There's only three of 'em.
- What are we gonna do?
(choral vocalized music)
Our weapons are useless.
(guns firing)
- We can't give up.
- We need to think about the children.
- Ho. ho. ho. ho. ho.
- Children?
Children don't play with guns.
We need to make our own weapons.
Come on.
Only children get the presents.
(loud thudding)
(ball whistling)
(air whooshing)
♪ There's no time ♪
(guns firing)
♪ Like Christmas ♪
♪ No season like this is ♪
♪ No time like Christmas each year ♪
(gentle oriental music)
(guns firing)
(air whooshing)
(foot whooshing)
(eerie music)
(foot thudding)
- I used to have an hourglass figure.
(eerie music)
(insects chirping)
(explosion booming)
(panda grunting)
♪ There's no time like Christmas ♪
♪ No ♪
(lively music)
- How you doing?
(guns firing)
You doing okay?
- I'm out of ammo.
- Can't believe he left us.
(man screaming)
(guns firing)
For "Jeopardy".
(suspenseful music)
(guns firing)
- Look!
(inspirational music)
- I need more ammo here.
- Help is here. Santa.
(guns firing)
(man chattering)
- Who are they?
(people chattering)
- Santa Claus.
Thank you.
- Straight Business!
You're fired!
- No!
(Stuffy screaming)
(men shouting)
- Captain Missile-Toe. over here.
♪ They're coming to get you Barbara ♪
(lively music)
- We're near.
Yeah. sorry it took me so long.
(electronics beeping)
♪ They're doing the zombie walk ♪
- Missile-Toe.
(dynamic music)
Missile-Toe.
(Captain Missile-Toe shouts)
(gun firing)
- Sound the retreat.
Yes. I said retreat.
(guns firing)
We're gonna get to higher ground.
Let's go.
- Retreat?
We don't retreat!
♪ All messed up ♪
- Get the Christmas lights.
Go get Santa. There he is!
Charge!
Now. you need eight
packs of lights for him.
- You can't hurt me. I'm Santa!
Ho. ho. ho. ho.
- [Sgt. Gunner] I'm unable.
Hands off.
(punches thudding)
(dynamic music)
(guns firing)
(Sgt. Gunner grunting)
- We got him!
We got Big Red.
(Stuffy groaning)
- I am Santa!
- We got Missile-Toe. (groaning)
- Go on. fellas.
(suspenseful music)
You wouldn't shoot an
unarmed soldier. would you?
What about the Geneva Convention?
(chuckles) Snowflake! Snowflake.
(Sgt. Gunner grunting)
Guess what. Sheriff?
There's a new sheriff in town
and his name isn't Stevens.
(Sgt. Gunner grunts)
(electricity buzzing)
(electricity whirring and buzzing)
(Sgt. Gunner grunting)
(Sgt. Gunner panting)
- [Girls] We got 'em!
- You got what?
(girls gasping)
(suspenseful music)
Stuffy's back. Jack.
(girls screaming)
- Ah ah!
(Stuffy laughing)
(ominous music)
(tense music)
- You call that a sword?
- Let me show you
how us Oklahoma boys do it.
(dynamic music)
(sword clanging)
This is how we do it in Oklahoma
when our lawn gets too high.
(dynamic music)
(Sgt. Gunner grunting)
(blades clanging)
(Sgt. Gunner grunts)
(sword clangs and whooshes)
(robot whirring)
(electricity buzzing)
(Sgt. Gunner grunting)
(punches thudding)
Heads up.
There's a present for you.
(Sgt. Gunner panting)
(Sgt. Gunner laughing)
- What's your plan?
- Oh no.
(suspenseful music)
(electricity buzzing)
(dynamic music)
I'm gonna make short work of this giant.
Let's go.
(hard rock music)
Don't let him step on you.
(footsteps thudding)
We'll figure it out.
No way he can get us
without stepping on us.
All right. I take it back.
I was little prideful.
I was trying to show off.
I was trying to impress you.
I can't make short work of him.
He's too big.
(Sgt. Gunner sighs)
- Give me the lights.
(tense vocalized music)
- All right. I have the lights.
All right. it's time to wrap him.
(robot whirring and beeping)
(loud thudding)
(ice cracking)
(eerie music)
Are you elves okay?
(Sgt. Gunner grunts)
- Huh?
- You're not a robot. are you?
- I kinda look like a robot.
but no. I am not a robot.
- [Jolly] It's the strike team.
I knew they'd save us.
- Okay.
- Thank you.
- [Girls] Thank you.
- You go find someplace safe.
Go.
- Come on.
(thunder cracking)
(vocalized music)
(men chattering)
♪ Ah ah ah ♪
- Call off this zombie war.
- There's nothing you can say
to make me call off my zombies.
- Stuffy.
Santa is your father.
(Stuffy gasping)
(Stuffy groaning)
- Big Red is my dad?
But if you truly loved me.
why haven't you ever told me?
- We couldn't tell you.
How would it look for Santa
to have a naughty boy?
- Oh. (groaning)
I'm so confused.
- We told everyone you were adopted.
but I'm afraid it did more harm than good.
(Stuffy grunting)
(thunder cracking)
Come to Mama.
But first. call off the zombies.
- Do I have to. Ma?
- Yes.
You're gonna fix toys from now on.
- Get your zombies to stop right now.
No more attacking.
I call it off.
No more.
I love you. Mom.
I have a mother. oh.
(Stuffy crying)
♪ And we'll ♪
- Oh.
I just love happy endings.
- [Girls] We got 'em!
♪ Christmas is a time ♪
- I forgive you. Dad.
Gimme a hug.
- Thank you all for saving Christmas.
- Captain Missile-Toe.
- [Captain Missile-Toe] Gunner.
- Sorry we were late.
- [Santa] Thank you.
- A little bit
(tense music)
of advice. Santa.
You keep your eyes to yourself
or you'll be fired as quick as you-
- It's Santa.
You can't say that to Santa.
He apologizes. I apologize.
- Merry Christmas. Santa.
- Merry... we're going.
- I'm stressed out.
It's been a long battle.
♪ The years ♪
- [Father] "You see. Stuffy
was no longer naughty.
He finally realized who he was.
All it took was a father's love.
Just like God's love over us.
And he changed. all right.
He was happier than a
jingle bell on a horse.
Anyone can change when they
receive the love of the father."
- I Am Christmas.
♪ For all the world ♪
- "The following year.
he finally received Elf of the Year
and his award gift-"
- Oh. oh!
- [Father] "was a security shirt."
That's right.
- I love the shirt.
He finally made it
(Stuffy speaking faintly)
to elf security
so he could reach his full potential.
But that just wasn't it.
♪ Real excitement in the air ♪
- What gift would you like this year?
- Oh. a gift.
(people chattering)
Thanks. Dad.
I don't wanna just be security.
I wanna be Santa.
(loud thudding)
- No. Stuffy.
- You have to. Dad.
(inspirational music)
or you don't love me.
Why do I always have to wear fake hair?
♪ So ♪
Oh!
This suit is too hot.
♪ Fa ♪
No.
♪ Peace ♪
And where did you get these gloves?
These are elf gloves.
- Ho. ho. ho. ho. ho.
Merry Christmas to all-
- "And to all a good night."
♪ Good night. sleep tight ♪
But on a serious note. girls.
Christmas isn't about zombies
and it's not about Santa.
Christmas is about the birth
of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ.
And he is the greatest gift
the world has ever known.
Oh. and there's just one more thing.
- Stuffy's going to be Santa?
♪ Ah ah ♪
- Something just doesn't
feel right about this
but I don't know what.
(dynamic music)
- Stuffy is no Santa.
But I am.
- [Mother] All right. everybody.
Are you ready for bed?
- He just changed the plot.
We have to hear the rest of the story.
- You'll hear the rest of
the story next Christmas.
- [Jolly] What?
- And a little bit of advice. girls.
(suspenseful music)
You go to bed on time and close your eyes
or you'll be grounded as quick
as you can open a present.
(metal clanking)
♪ I don't wanna live I don't wanna live ♪
♪ I don't wanna live like a zombie ♪
♪ I gotta have a love. gotta have a love ♪
♪ Gotta have a love and
a zombie never does ♪
♪ Oh oh oh ♪
♪ Oh no ♪
♪ Zombies never love ♪
(lively rock music)
- They have guns!
(shouting)
♪ Zombie movies ♪
♪ We rolled our eyes and
said it wasn't real ♪
♪ Girl. the shock of losing
you did something to me ♪
♪ And now I know why zombies never feel ♪
♪ Never feel ♪
♪ I don't wanna live. I don't wanna live ♪
♪ I don't wanna live like a zombie ♪
♪ Gotta have a love. gotta have a love ♪
♪ Gotta a love ♪
♪ No no ♪
♪ I don't wanna live. I don't wanna live ♪
♪ I don't wanna live like a zombie ♪
♪ I gotta have a love. gotta have a love ♪
♪ Gotta have a love ♪
♪ And a zombie never does ♪
♪ Oh oh ♪
♪ No oh ♪
♪ Zombies never love ♪
♪ Oh no ♪
♪ Oh oh oh ♪
♪ Zombies never love ♪
♪ Oh Santa. I need your help ♪
♪ I have no other place to go ♪
♪ My Mommy said you might know Jesus ♪
♪ And I'm hoping so ♪
♪ My best friend Sally's daddy ♪
♪ Had to go to war ♪
♪ And she's been so sad ♪
♪ She won't play anymore ♪
♪ Oh Santa. all I want for Christmas ♪
♪ Is for you to talk to Jesus ♪
♪ And watch over Sally's daddy ♪
♪ And bring him home ♪
(loud clacking)
(Ashley grunts)
(Ashley laughing)
- Did you do do it?
It won't be a happy...
(both laughing)
- Oh yeah. funny.
- All right. ready?
- Yeah.
(loud clanking)
(tense music)
(both laughing)
- [Adam] That's right.
That's great.
- [Cameraman] So good.
- Move over!
Ho ho! Ho. ho. ho. ho. ho.
Ho ho ho hum.
Hum. Ho. ho. ho.
Ho. ho. ho. ho. ho!
Ho. ho. ho. ho.
(loud clanking)
(suspenseful music)
- A little bit of advice. Santa.
You keep your eyes to yourself
or you'll be fired as
quick as you started.
(both chuckling)
- You can't say that to Santa.
- Oh. you're good.
- You can't do it.
I just can't.
- We have to.
Why are you laughing?
I had it.
- We can't.
We can't.
- All right. try it again.
I'm just gonna do Santa.
- You have me.
- No. I'm just gonna be Santa. all right?
- Okay. I'm just gonna
not talk.
- All right.
I'm just gonna do Santa.
Santa.
A little bit of advice. Santa.
(Ashley laughing)
What are you laughing for?
- And really do it
(tense music)
a long time. okay?
- Yeah.
(Ashley laughing)
(David laughing)
This is how we do it in Oklahoma
when our grass gets too high.
(grunting)
(all laughing)